Environmental Working Group (EWG) has decided to investigate the credibility of EPA record of emissions from Fracking wells.
3
I. Hire/Pay Chemical Engineering Professor to record and publish fraudulent data
II. Set up private meeting with representative of EWG to mitigate alleged accusations against EPA
III. Lobby to defund EPA

The use of dimethyl formaldehyde  listed as a constituent of fracking fluid has raised health concerns. This ingredient has not only been known as an irritant to skin and eyes, but has been found in ground water. Long term effects include failure kidneys and liver.
4
I. Remove all carcinogenic ingredients
II. Refuse to disclose ingredients and health hazards associated with those chemicals
III. Replace that one ingredient brought up
IV. Fund studies to show that there are many other sources of dimethyl formaldehyde that contaminate ground water.

Hazardous, carcinogenic and non-biodegradable materials are used by your company's drilling process for natural gas. Knowingly, your extraction methods do not fully prevent natural gas from seeping out through the earth's surface and or under and through ground water layer. This has been proven on numerous accounts of residents who live in close proximity to your fracking wells in several states and more than 80% of them are experiencing degraded air quality and obvious signs of water pollution.
3
I. Require laboratory proof of water samples and air samples to make a case with HR.
II. Ignore
III. Provide your own laboratory test proof stating these claims are false.

Your company has been invited to hold a press conference held to disclose controversy about chemicals involved with hydraulic fracking. Statements of environmental detriment caused by your company's implementation are further circulating around the wells that you own.
3
I. Claim hydraulic fracturing absolutely does not pose threat to drinking water
II. Object to the disclosure of the chemicals used in the fracking process under the safe drinking water act
III. Allow testing and provide opportunity to test chemicals and move on to take regulations against current use of non-biodegradable chemicals

Your researchers found out that there is a large shale basin in Delaware. You've asked the local residents to lease their land in exchange for a large amount of money. However, a great number of people refuse to leave their land despite being offered money to lease their lands. If this shale basin is acquired you'll be the first fracking company to establish a site in Delaware and this will reflect the span of your fracking site company
4
I. Increase your offer to the residents
II. Find an alternative source of natural gas in the area
III. Find other natural gas source in another state
IV. Produce a court order forcing the residents to vacate their land

Hundreds of antelopes and deers living near your frack sites has been found dead. This incidence caught the attention of the local wildlife preserve and is now attempting to halt you fracking operations. Local residences near the area shows solidarity behind the proposal released by the local wildlife preserve. Some residents speak out against your company saying that your fracking infrastructures and chemical emissions are not only affecting their families but also the wild life around them.
4
I. Release a PR campaign indicating that half of your company's profit is for the preservation of wild life species in the area
II. Release a public statement saying that your company's fracking practices has nothing to with the death of the antelopes and deers in the area
III. Contend that the local wildlife preserve has no solid proof that your company is behind the death of the animals
IV. Ask the local government to not pursue the autopsy of the dead animals because it may release air borne pathogens that might spread in the area. Tell them you hired a private researcher and concluded that a disease has stricken the animals.